0:00 Hi Anton, my name is Andrew. You probably don't know me, but that's okay. I added you on LinkedIn a couple of weeks ago, and I'm sitting here on your LinkedIn profile because I found your company, Nesensico, and it seemed interesting to me.
0:15 And so I just wanted to make this short video for you, demonstrating the workflows that I've built for my previous and my current clients, and maybe they can help you as well.
0:25 the main thing that I'm doing for my clients is generating them from five to ten thousand euros on a monthly basis by implementing AI workflows and AI integrations inside of their company, so inside of their pipelines.
0:37 I saw your company and so I just wanted to like show you the three things three or four workflows that I built.
0:42 I have hundreds of them, but I just think this three or four might be able to help you. And so even though if you don't want to try any of them, maybe you'll get some value about understanding how AI is implemented in companies today to save time and make more money.
0:59 So I just wanted to show you a couple of workflows and then maybe you can see if you like any of them.
1:05 If you like one of them, if you want to implement it in your company, I can do it in about 48 hours and let you try it for about 30 days and see it if you like it completely for free.
1:15 So, yeah, that's it. So I'm just going to show you the workflows and then you can let me know if one of them could bring value to you.
1:23 So the first workflow that I wanted to show you is the workflow for finding more clients for a company. So I have three workflows for you.
1:32 The first one is for finding more, for basically finding more clients on the market. The second one is responding to current clients or interested leads very, very quickly.
1:43 And the fourth one will just be like a rag database agent, which knows everything about your company. and about your documentation which you can ask it to basically provide any information about your company and your domain.
1:57 So the first workflow as I said is for finding clients, so this is this workflow is actually connected to a bunch of online databases and what it does is basically we input filters on what kind of clients we want to find, that means what kind of job titles, what is the industry, what is the size of the
2:14 company, and a bunch of different filters that we are inputting and after that we get a few thousand people who match our filters and after that each of them is using this workflow researched very, very heavily.
2:28 That means that this agent it reads through their website, it sees what their company, what this company is doing currently, and so it understands if this company could be valuable to you or not, and then it finds decision makers, so people in the inside of the company that we can reach out to, so that
2:43 we can basically message them or call them or whatever, and when it finds those people it then goes and research their LinkedIn profile, research their LinkedIn posts, and then it writes one-to-one email messages to them which feel personal, they are not just generic email blasts that everyone sends 
3:00 today, this is basically personalized email message that we are sending to a couple of thousand people on a large scale which feel very personal, then this way we are getting a lot of responses back.
3:11 So with this kind of cold email campaigns, we integrate the offers of our client into that email. So that means your offer, that means that with this system, you would be able to communicate your offer.
3:20 Your offer to a large database of people who might be interested in your product or services, and you can do that in a personalized way at scale and get responses back to people who want your services.
3:34 After that, it will be basically like a speed to lead system. I see that on your website you have this form, so when people send you form, when people send you data through the form they will they usually want to hear back very very quickly and so this system catches that uh catches that information 
3:54 it's connected to your calendar it does does a bunch of calculations and then it responds back to them immediately through email or through whatsapp in a personalized way or we also have a node that calls them and then gives them information about your availability or whatever they need so that you can
4:12 get back to them inside five minutes and provide information to them before they go to the competition and the third workflow would be an agent that basically knows everything about your company this is good for training new employees or just finding information inside of your company that is not readily
4:28 accessible If you are losing yourself and if you have a lot of documents in your company, if you have a lot of information that you need to know, then we package this into this agent.
4:39 It basically learns everything about you. About your company, about your docs, about your products, everything about your domain and then you can ask it questions and then you can get answers because this agent then serves as an expert in your field or in your domain.
4:53 Okay, so this is just three workflows I wanted to show you. As I said, I've built hundreds of them but these three I think are the most applicable to you.
5:00 Each one is personalized so each one that we make, we make one for one for our clients so we can add a bunch of nodes that we want.
5:07 We can we can basically do anything that we want with these workflows and connect to any tools and that we like And that's it if you like any of these workflows you can just respond to my message and then we can arrange for you to try one of those for 30 days.
5:21 I can deliver in about 48 hours, you can try for 30 days completely for free and see if you like it, see how it works for you and see if you can implement AI to to speed up your business as well.
5:32 That's it, if you're interested just reply to me and that's it. Thank you Anton if you watched this this far.
5:38 Bye-bye.