0:00 Hi Tom, my name is Andrew. I actually added you on LinkedIn a couple of weeks ago. And so, the main reason being is that I run an AI agency and I ran into your website called Powerlily, saw that you are a founder and just wanted to connect.
0:15 So, what I found on your website is that you have pretty cool solutions, specifically for solar companies. And it looks like you're covering a lot of different areas and this all looks pretty sophisticated.
0:30 So, the main reason why I wanted to reach out to you is because for the past couple of months we've worked with our clients targeting exactly solar leads, so that means reaching out to solar companies and offering solutions that our clients are offering.
0:45 So, I just noticed that you are doing something similar, I just wanted to reach out because we have a lot of these workflows and leads already in place and I wanted to just show you how all of this works and maybe it could provide value for you too.
0:59 So, the main thing that we are doing, we are sourcing leads for our clients using online databases such as Apollo and Google Maps API where we are just getting leads and it's specific city that we want, so we just target one city and then get websites from that city and then find emails of that solar
1:18 companies and find decision makers. of those solar companies in the cities that we are targeting and this is the workflows that we are using, this is N8n, it's basically like an AI automation platform where we are able to introduce AI into all of these steps and this is, I think, yeah, this is the example
1:36 of one list that we are doing in the United States, as you can see, these are all solar leads, have their email right here, have their phone number right here and what we are actually doing is we have AI systems that are reading each and every Every one of those contacts is visiting their LinkedIn profile
1:54 and then it's reaching out to them in a personalized way after it has a bunch of information on that contact.
2:00 Inside of a solar company, it knows that job title, it has the LinkedIn profile, has the entire website already read and then it's reaching out through email and basically sending them personalized emails in bulk and then responding back and forth and seeing if that person is interested in pursuing the
2:20 software forward. So, yeah, I just wanted to mention this right here, this is a pretty quick video, I can actually go in more detail if you wanted to schedule a call with me.
2:30 So what we are actually doing is we are only charging our clients based on the number of interested leads. This is a website so these are our outbound systems.
2:40 So, basically, I'm prospecting what I just mentioned right now and AI call email and management setup. Yeah, as I mentioned, we are only charging for the leads that we actually provide.
2:49 If for some reason we can't find you any leads and don't find any interested leads, which we already did for a bunch of our clients, but nonetheless, if we can't do that, then we are not charging you for the results that we are not able to deliver.
3:03 Yeah, so I just wanted to leave this here if you're interested, if you want to go on a chat with me, There's like no no obligation on that call if you just want to chat get to know each other and see if what we can Do for each other.
3:15 I'll be happy to take that call. But yeah, that's it Thank you Tom for watching this if you watched till the end and hope to talk to you soon Then bye-bye